Add an all-in-one devcontainer and make use of -j on production builder (#8151)
rathena/rathena: tools/docker/development/README.md

# Docker

Note that this Dockerized environment **is not suitable** for production deployments, see [Installations](https://rathena.github.io/user-guides/installing/) instead or [Docker in Production](https://github.com/rathena/rathena/tree/master/tools/docker/production).

### How to setup :computer:

1. `docker-compose up -d` to spin up dev container and database (ensure port `3306` is free)
2. `docker exec -it rathena-dev bash` to connect to dev container
3. All rAthena development commands can be executed inside the dev container, such as compiling (`./configure`, `make clean server`) and starting the server (`./athena-start`, `gdb map-server`, etc ...)
4. `docker-compose down` outside the dev container when done to close database and free resources

#### Tips & tricks :beginner:

> - Ensure you don't have a database running locally and listening on port `3306` this will cause the database container to fail starting up.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Ensure you don't have a database running locally and listening on port `3306` as this will cause the database container to fail to start up.
```
